here are this week's top movies hey babe
lined woman recovers her site only to
realize that her marriage is in danger
and all I see is you I could ask you the
same thing the truth will set you free
in jigsaw a notorious serial killer long
thought dead becomes the primary suspect
in a series of gruesome deaths mom a
home invasion reveals an unlikely
suspect of a criminal conspiracy in
suburbicon nothing like this ever
happens here this is a safe place it why
see what's hot in theaters with this
week's fantasy pation so what's your
weekend ticket going to be let us know
by commenting see you next time on
weekend ticket
[Music]
[Applause]